webshell 3.0b3 Release Announcement
Nov 14, 2000

Netcetera AG is pleased to announce Webshell.

This is the beta-3 release of Webshell. Final API, stable code. Check
out http://websh.com to find the online documentation as well as a lot
of example code. Some minor issues open (search for potential memory
leaks to be completed, Windows Port do be finished). Please help us
improve Webshell by reporting any glitches you may encounter.

What is Webshell?
-----------------

Webshell is a development environment for web applications reduced to
the max. It is a standard Tcl extension and is released as Open Source
Software. Webshell is versatile and handles everything from HTML
generation to data-base driven one-to-one page customization. Webshell
applications can be deployed in a standard CGI environment or using
mod_websh, the Apache Module for Webshell.

At Netcetera, we have been using Webshell for years for virtually all
our customer projects, which typically are E-commerce shops or
electronic banking applications.

Webshell is maintained, enhanced, and distributed freely as a service
to the Open Source community by Netcetera AG, Switzerland.

Where to get Webshell?
----------------------

Webshell is available for download from

http://websh.com/download

To compile Webshell you need Tcl 8.2 (or newer).


Additional Information
----------------------

Find more information about

- Webshell: 

        http://websh.com

- Netcetera AG, Switzerland:

        http://netcetera.ch/en

- Tcl:

        http://www.scriptics.com

- documentation of Webshell, with example code

        http://websh.com


Open issues for final release
-----------------------------

- Use Apache 2.0 API as soon as it is stable
- a few performance optimizations
- a comparison with AOL webserver, cgi.tcl, tclHttpd and
  other Tcl-based web application frameworks
- a comparison with non-Tcl Web application frameworks (ASP,
  ColdFusion, Java Servlets and JSP, you-name-it).

Thank you for your interest in Webshell.
